I love potatoes especially mashed
potatoes and when st. Patrick's Day
rolls around I think mashed potatoes and
cabbage they're great together and I'm
going to show you how easy it is to
prepare red potato colcannon
so first of all I've already started to
saute about 1/2 cup of sliced onions and
I sliced them thin and once they're nice
and translucent I'm going to add some
really thinly sliced cabbage I have
about 6 cups of cabbage I just sliced it
really thin with my chef's knife and I
cut the cabbage in half
it took about half of a medium sized
cabbage and I cut it in half first and
then I cut it in quarters took the core
out and sliced two of those quarters
nice and thin for this dish and now I'm
just going to saute it in the pot with
the onions until it starts to get a
little bit Brown so it'll take a few
minutes so it took about five minutes
for the cabbage to get a little bit
Brown and now I'm going to add 1/2 cup
to 1 cup of milk you can use dairy or
non-dairy milk for this and once I add
the milk I'm just going to cover the pot
just for a couple minutes so that the
cabbage just cooks a little bit more
there we go now while that was cooking I
steamed my potatoes I have one pound of
small potatoes I didn't peel them
they're red skin potatoes and I cut them
into quarters and I steamed them until
they're just tender so I can poke my
fork in nice and easy but they're not
gonna smush up that's exactly how they
like them now I'm going to take my
tender steamed potatoes add them to the
pot and then all I'm going to do is mash
it up a little bit you can use your hand
potato masher or you can use a big fork
and just mash up the potatoes now this
is not smooth creamy mashed potatoes
this is a lot more rustic so you'll have
just nice pieces of potato with the red
skin showing the browned cabbage mmm
it's delicious and it goes perfect with
your corned beef if that's what you'd
like to have for st. Patrick's Day
there that looks perfect now I'm just
going to stir it up I'll add a little
bit of salt and pepper give it a little
taste mmm it's perfect
now you're all set for st. Patrick's Day
I'm pseudo Dean sharing good food for
good life 365